Our programs are designed to create a healthy and content workforce. The program will look into multiple aspects of health and wellness including;
Ergonomic Training - Our Wellness program provides a course on office Ergonomics and Manual Lifting and Handling in order to reduce risk of workplace injury. As well as workplace activity and exercise advice and training. 
Stress Management - Wellness isn’t just about physical fitness. Depression and stress, in particular, have proved to be major sources of lost productivity. Our unique program includes various techniques that can be utilised for stress management including; breathing, meditation and Qigong.
Diet and Nutrition – Small lifestyle changes can make a big impact on overall health and wellness. Diet and Nutrition are intricately involved in health and disease. Conditions such as Diabetes, Obesity, Heart disease, High Cholesterol, High blood pressure are all connected to what we consume. Many of these diseases can be prevented and / or reversed through changes to our diet. 
We will provide insights into what and when to eat for maximum health benefits.
Sleep Hygiene - A good night’s sleep is vital for our physical and emotional wellbeing. There are basic protocols that can help the majority of people to improve their sleep and wake up feeling revitalised. 
Exercise – We don’t all benefit from the same exercise protocols. But everyone benefits from some form of exercise or activity. Often it feels as if our life gets in the way and there is never enough time to get the activity necessary for wellbeing. This course will help recognise how to create the changes necessary to increase activity levels and enjoy exercise. 

Alongside all of these education and training benefits, your employees will also have the chance to experience the therapeutic services and benefits of such provided by a number of our Doctors at Back 2 Health. These include individual and group sessions in one or more of the following:
Chiropractic
Physiotherapy
Therapeutic Massage
Reflexology
Breathing, Meditation and Qigong

We can also provide Basic First Aid in our workshop program. 
First Aid in the workplace – Taught by a certified instructor our first aid course will deliver basic and practical first aid training. In work settings, first aid refers to the urgent, temporary care given to a person immediately after an injury occurs. It utilizes emergency aid measures to stabilize the employee’s condition while waiting for a healthcare provider to arrive. It can prevent accidents and injuries from getting worse and ultimately save lives. 

The program can be tailored to company requirements and goals.
