Services:  (From the original document)
PEMF
A strong magnetic energy field of electrons is channeled through your body to promote its natural healing process and accelerate recovery through improved micro-circulation and neuro-musculo activation. 

Back 2 Health (Entebbe) is equipped with modern technology to provide PEMF therapy. After understanding your needs and conditions, our qualified and experienced professionals provide the gentle magnetic pulses for a stipulated time. It often induces a relaxed feeling, such as a massage.

What is PEMF?
Pulsed electromagnetic fields (PEMFs) is a safe and non-invasive technique that works by eliciting a biological tissue and cellular response that repairs the body naturally. PEMF uses Pulsating magnetic fields generated by electromagnets with particular frequencies, waveforms and intensities using specially designed apparatus for therapeutic, rejuvenative or performance enhancement benefits. 
It improves blood supply and causes an increase in oxygen pressure, activating and regenerating cells. 

This treatment concept is far from new; Academic study of PEMF began as early as 1932 when researchers from Yale University discovered that depleted electrical energy from the body caused dis-ease. However, pulsed electromagnetic fields were able to donate energy, helping cells to repair, rebuild, and regenerate naturally.  

Benefits of PEMF
Scientists have observed that a healthy cell has a higher electrical charge than an unhealthy one. This higher charge permits it to function Optimally. 
It has been established that tissues including blood, muscle, ligaments, bone and cartilage and nerves all respond to these biomagnetic fields.

HEALING & REPAIR
Accelerates Injury Recovery Time, Enhance Wound Healing, Reduces Fibrous Tissue Scars & Breaks Up Adhesions, Promotes Bone Repair and Regeneration, Enhances Joint Healing
Reduces Pain, Swelling, Oedema, Inflammation, Reduces Ligament & Tendon Strain & Pain

NEUROLOGICAL
Improves Sleep, Reduces Nervous Irritabilty, Enhances Brain Function, Stimulates Release of Endorphins & Promotes Wellbeing, Reduces General Stress & Anxiety, Improves Mood

METABOLISM
Promotes healthy Cell Metabolism, Balances Cell Membrane Charge, Stimulates Inter-Cellular Communication, Improves Nutrient Intake & Cellular Detoxification, Benefits the Anti-Oxidant System.

CARDIOVASCULAR SYSTEM
Optimises Blood & Tissue Oxygenation, Strengthens Blood Circulation

IMMUNE SYSTEM
Boost Immune System, Improves Lymph Circulation, Enhances Cellular Detoxification

BEAUTY & ANTI-AGING
Slows ageing effects via neutralisation of free radicals, Stimulates Collagen Synthesis , Boosts Cellular Regeneration & Repair

ATHLETIC PERFORMANCE
Promotes Superior Performance & Endurance, Boosts Energy (maximises ATP production), Reduces Anxiety & Stress, Relaxes Muscle Tension, Enhances Muscle Functions, Regulates Cellular Metabolism, Benefits RNA & DNA Synthesis, Faster Recovery after Exercise, Promotes lactic Acid Excretion , Accelerates Healing of Sore, Stiff Muscles, Reduces Pain caused by Spasms & Adhesions,
Reduces Swelling & Inflammation.

Used by NASA on astronauts returning from space to regenerate bone and muscle loss.

Who can have PEMF therapy?

PEMF therapy is suitable for adults with multiple conditions. 
A few people may experience some symptoms following a therapy session due to the Healing reaction. This may present as mild symptoms of an old injury, detoxing reactions, mild nausea, headaches, stiffness, general aches, or digestive disturbance. These symptoms are signs of healing.
Fortunately, these side effects if felt at all, are only temporary and are due to increased blood flow and oxygenation. To Limit these effects make sure you drink plenty of water before and after treatment.


*This Therapy is NOT Suitable if you:-
Have a Pacemaker fitted
 an Insulin Pump fitted.
Are Pregnant.
Have had an organ transplant and are on immune suppressant medications.

Please tell your therapist if you have any metal implants like replacement joints or stents, dental implants, mechanical heart valves, or staples in your body before treatment.
