Corporate wellness
Do you want:
Happy, Healthy employees 
Improved workplace morale
Reduced days off sick
Improved productivity
Reduced company costs
Then you need to prioritise your employee’s health in a preventative way.

It turns out that a comprehensive, strategically designed investment in employees’ social, mental, and physical health pays off. Research proves that wellness programs actually save company’s money.
Wellness programs have often been viewed as a nice extra, not a strategic imperative. Newer evidence tells a different story. 
The long and short of it: Healthy employees cost you less.

Back 2 Health and their team of professionals can aid you to develop strategies to enhance the wellbeing, and productivity of your staff. We aim to provide holistic wellness services tailored to the needs of individual companies. 

Our Corporate Programs
Individual Therapy – Your staff can reach their health and wellness goals by consulting with one of our therapists
Group programs - Join one of our carefully designed group programs to address health issues such as: Diabetes, Obesity, High cholesterol, High Blood Pressure
Regular Group Sessions – Qi gong, Breathwork and Meditation sessions for stress management and wellness. 
Exercise Rehabilitation – Addressing issues such as Low Back Pain and Neck Pain
Single or Multi-day Workshops for Groups:

Corporate Wellness Workshops
Our professionally created and delivered program aims to address health and wellness goals for staff members, covering well-being, stress management, work- place wellness, posture, eat well, sleep well, exercise well. The interactive presentation includes audience engagement, exercises and workstation setup (in the office and at home)  

Group well-being, wellness and posture presentations.
One to one pain and injury consultations with a specialist. (Physiotherapist / Chiropractor)
Mini massage taster sessions.
Qi Gong and/or Pilates sessions.
Nutrition presentations.
Ergonomic desk assessments.
Exercise and Rehabilitation programs

