CHIROPRACTIC
Chiropractic is based on the scientific fact that your body is a self-regulating, self-healing organism. All the important functions of the body are controlled by the nervous system, comprising of the brain, spinal cord, and nerves.
Chiropractic focuses on the nervous system and its relationship to your body.

Chiropractic is a health care profession concerned with the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of neuromusculoskeletal disorders, and the effects of these disorders on the nervous system and general health.
There is an emphasis on manual techniques, including joint adjustment and/or manipulation, with a particular focus on joint subluxation/dysfunction. 
Include FAQ...
What is Chiropractic?
Chiropractic specialises in the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of conditions which are due to mechanical dysfunction of the muscles, joints and in particular the spine and their effects upon the nervous system. 
What do Chiropractors do?
In Chiropractic, the emphasis is on prevention and ‘adjustment’. According to the condition being treated, one or more of a whole range of different chiropractic adjusting techniques can be used. With these your chiropractor effects an improvement in your joint’s mobility, as well as nerve and muscle function. Your body’s own healing process (which we normally recognise in its ability to heal bruises, cuts and broken bones) will then be able to continue the task of restoring your health. 
What will happen when you visit a chiropractor?
A visit to the chiropractor is very similar to visiting your medical doctor; he or she is a primary healthcare professional.  The difference is that the process and treatment of your complaint is always done from a holistic, drug free perspective.  On the first visit the chiropractor will take your medical history carry out a full examination.  This includes orthopaedic and neurological tests whereby muscle strength, nerve function, joint function, as well as body balance and alignment are determined.  The examination may require further diagnostic tests such as taking x-rays.  The chiropractor will then be in a position to establish problem areas and identify the source of the complaint.   The chiropractor will explain why you are having a problem, what type of injury you have sustained and may suggest that you modify your daily activities to prevent further aggravation of your condition. 
What does treatment involve?
Using skilled manipulation and quick, comfortable adjustment techniques, with just the right amount of pressure, Chiropractors gently unlock the stiff joints to restore proper function and mobility. This in turn helps to settle the pain. The vulnerable area is then stabilised with further treatments. When you have experienced the benefits of chiropractic treatment in reducing pain and discomfort, the next step is to help you get active again. Following treatment rehabilitation and exercise are essential to speed your body’s natural healing process and strengthen your muscles to prevent recurrence of the condition. 

Alongside the traditional chiropractic adjustment, chiropractors utilize adjunctive therapies:
Spinal and peripheral joint mobilization
Muscle, nerve and fascia release techniques 
Therapeutic instrument techniques and modalities
Exercise, rehabilitative programs and other forms of active care;
Nutrition and dietary interventions,
Psychosocial aspects of patient management;
Patient education on spinal health, posture, ergonomics, nutrition and other lifestyle modifications;
Emergency treatment and acute pain management procedures as indicated;
Other supportive measures, which may include the use of taping, back supports and orthotics;
